There's darkness in the forest.
nightmares you can't even
begin to imagine.
Anghkooey. Anghkooey.
No. no. no. no.
no. no. no!
Don't touch me. Don't touch me!
Don't. don't!
Anghkooey.
-Hey. hey! You okay?
-Did you see them?
-See what? See who?
Eloise said that's
where my mother went that night.
the night
the bad things happened.
She went to save the children
locked in the tower.
This mean a lot to you?
-Don't. Please.
-Yeah? Fuck you!
You ever come near
my mom again.
I will drag
your fucking psycho ass
into that Box myself.
We. uh. pulled something
out of that thing.
Only problem is we gotta
figure out how to get this
inside another one
of those things
without getting ourselves
killed.
So make some silver bullets.
Well. you think this place is
one big experiment. right?
And it never occurred to you
that some of the people here
might be in on it?
I mean. they'd have to be.
How else do you keep
the experiment on track?
Randall. what the fuck?
New plan.
Elgin had a dream
that he was drowning
and he started
spitting up water.
and you had cicadas
in your dreams. and...
When the music box
started playing.
one of them jumped out
and it burned my arm.
Are you honestly saying
that our fucking dreams
can hurt us now?
-Do you hear that?
Help me!
Please.
Please. I need help!
She said. um...
She said she was gonna
take a nap.
I was downstairs.
And I heard her
screaming.
I-I came in and I--
I started
shaking her. and...
...trying to wake her up.
and. um. she kept...
She was talking
in her sleep.
saying something
over and over.
And then she. uh...
Something cracked inside her.
and her body
and her face...
Oh. God. Jesus.
What did she say?
What?
You said she was talking.
What did she say?
I don't--
Hey. hey. Reggie.
I can't. No.
Reggie. Reggie. Hey.
Listen. Reggie.
I need you...
I need you to tell me
what she said.
It was. um...
"They touch.
They break..."
"They steal..."
No one here
is free."
And then she just...
Her face just fucking...
And was she still
asleep?
Are you sure
she was asleep?
Yes. I'm fucking sure!
Okay. okay.
All right.
Okay.
We need to. um...
Yeah. Um. okay.
Okay. Okay.
No.
Is everything
all right?
Oh. yeah. little man.
Everything's great.
Hey. do me a favor.
Do you mind heading home
for me. okay?
And do you mind if your sister
stays here for a bit?
Thanks. bud.
Yeah.
Go on home.
I'll be right behind you.
Okay.
We go.
You come help
make dinner.
All right.
Kenny.
Listen. we gotta--
We gotta tell
the people door to door.
Okay? We got 30 minutes left
of daylight.
You and Julie cover the town.
I'll go to Colony House.
Reggie will come with me.
We can't leave anyone alone.
What about Sara?
Boyd. what's going on?
What happened in there?
Something killed Paula.
But it's not dark yet.
I don't...
There's something else here now.
Something new.
It's not safe for anyone
to go to sleep tonight.
Okay?
My dad.
He's out at the RV.
Okay.
Randall. what the fuck?
It's a new plan.
I'm gonna fucking kill you.
Oh. yeah?
What are you--
What are you doing?
Donna.
I'm so sorry.
Don't apologize to her.
We were right.
She's fucking part of this.
Part of what?
I saw you.
up at the clinic.
Yeah. that's right.
I followed you.
They were carrying one of their
monsters out of the clinic.
Well. what are they.
some kind of animatronic?
You got a faulty model. huh?
That was a body.
you dumb shit.
Okay.
Boyd killed
one of them.
He what?
He killed one of
the monsters.
So. now they can fucking die?
It's funny how suddenly
the rules fucking change
once someone catches out
your bullshit.
Are you fucking
kidding me?
I thought you'd be more...
This was your idea.
No. This?
This is fucking crazy.
This was not part
of the plan.
She's part of the reason
we're still here!
Fuck her!
We are not doing this.
You know what
I'm starting to think. Jim?
That maybe you just put
this shit in my head
to see what I would do.
How do I know that
you're not part of this. huh?
'Cause my house collapsed
on top of me.
What the fuck
is wrong with you?
Here. This one.
-Asshole!
-Oof.
Jim?
You wanna dance. Jim?
Drop the fucking knife.
You gonna shoot me?
Okay.
Now. stand over there.
You all right. Jim?
Yeah.
I'm so sorry.
This wasn't
supposed to happen.
Get her.
Just get me off
this fucking tree.
We got about five minutes
to get in that van
and get back to town.
Who's got the key?
-I don't know.
- Jim?
Oh. you mean.
uh. these keys?
-Hey. don't!
Oh. fuck.
Are you outta
your goddamn mind?
Guess we're gonna have
to stay the night
and see what happens. huh?
" plays]
Julie.
come back inside. honey.
I shouldn't have
let him go.
I should've stopped him.
-He's gonna be okay.
- Hey.
What the hell's going on?
Victor says
we can't go to sleep.
Julie. come inside. honey.
Come on.
We can't just leave him
out there.
Can't we go get him?
No. no.
-Mom's right.
Dad's gonna be fine.
We just...
-We need to stay inside.
-Yeah.
I wanna get Dad.
Hey.
Boyd isn't gonna let
anything happen to your father.
The best thing we can do
for Dad is...
is to be safe.
Thank you for doing this.
I know you don't want
to be here.
I'm not doing it
for you.
Things here
feel different now.
They feel wrong.
It felt that way
out in the forest.
Did Boyd ever tell you
what happened out there?
Further we went out.
the more it felt like...
Boyd said it was like
this place feeds on our pain.
But what if it does
more than that?
What do you mean?
Nathan was always terrified
of cicadas.
When we were kids.
our stepfather would take us
on these week-long
camping trips.
And all night long.
the cicadas would buzz
outside our tent.
Nathan would cry
the whole night.
He thought
they were monsters.
What if the people
who die here...
What if their fears become
part of the forest?
What if that really is
Nathan's nightmare out there?
He's in here.
Just tell
me what happened.
She. uh... she went
to sleep. and...
something...
...broke her.
Where's Donna?
I'm supposed to talk
to Donna.
Donna's not here
right now.
She left
the clinic hours ago.
Did she say
where she was going?
Yeah. she said she was
coming here.
We're all gonna
fucking die.
No. Hey. Reggie.
look at me. Listen.
You need to tell me
exactly what Boyd said.
We can't go to sleep.
No one goes to sleep.
Okay. Okay. great.
Then that's
what we focus on. yeah?
Wherever Donna is.
she and Boyd
are gonna figure this out.
So. how about right now
we just focus
on doing our part. yeah?
How about you and I go get you
a change of clothes. and. uh...
Everybody partner up.
Make sure nobody falls asleep.
-Yeah?
-Yeah. For how long?
We'll figure that out
when we get to it. yeah?
Mm-hmm.
Hey. Elgin. partner up.
Come on. guys. Let's go.
You guys doing okay?
Is there maybe a room
we could use?
-Yeah. yeah.
-Thanks.
-Hey. Come on.
-Come on.
-You okay?
-We'll get you upstairs.
What do you mean
we can't go to sleep?
Jim. why the hell
do you think I'm out here?
Your daughter is terrified.
Huh? Just put that over
there for me.
Please.
Are you fucking
kidding me?
Pick a lane. Jim.
Don't you see
what this is?
-Not now.
-We come out here.
we actually have them
by the balls.
and Sheriff
fucking DoReady
comes out here
with a new story
and you're just. like...
No wonder your family's
a fucking mess.
-Son of a--
- Hey. hey. hey!
-What?
-Jim!
Hey. hey. hey. What the--
Fuck!
Hold on. Hold on.
Now. hold on. Yeah. yeah.
I am only gonna say this
one time. okay?
Whatever stupid fucking ideas
you got locked in
that rock-hard head of yours.
they are gonna get you killed.
Or worse off. they're gonna
get one of us killed.
and I'm not planning on
dying here tonight.
Shut the fuck up
and sit down.
Yes. sir.
And you.
After all the shit you've
been through here. huh?
You still think
this is a fucking game?
-I was trying to...
-Argh!
It wasn't supposed to
happen this way.
So. you led a pig to shit.
and now you're surprised
he made a mess?
Hey. Fuck you.
Fuck you.
I've gotta get back to
my family.
-Jim?
These old vans.
they've got a pretty basic
ignition system.
Even without the keys.
I think I can probably--
Hey. I'm not gonna lose
another person
to "probably." you got me?
We are barely
making it through right now.
Do you understand
what I'm saying?
Hey! I said sit down.
I'm not listening to this shit
all fucking night. okay?
Sit down.
All right. I don't know
what your deal is.
whether
you're part of this
or you're just fucking
dumber than you--
I lost my wife here.
My friend bled to death
in my arms
and you still think I'm lying?
You want proof?
What if I tie your ass up
to one of those trees out there.
let you find out
for yourself?
This the freaky sex room?
First night's rough
for some people.
They can get unpredictable.
I'm. uh. I'm gonna go grab
a few supplies. okay?
You gonna be okay
for a minute?
Give me a hand?
Yeah.
She looks pretty rough.
Yeah. Tonight's gonna be
the hardest.
I'm gonna need a pot.
a washcloth
and probably
some extra linens.
Yeah. yeah.
Of course.
All right. Look. um.
I don't really know
how to ask this.
but this whole thing
about not sleeping.
I mean. do we need to
be worried?
Like. they--
about the baby.
I mean. they sleep
in there. right?
I mean. if she were further
along. then. yeah. maybe.
but she's six.
maybe seven weeks at most.
Okay.
Look. of all the things
we need to worry about tonight.
I promise you
that's not one of them.
I mean. yeah.
You know. it's just...
it's just weird.
You know. it's like. uh...
I just--there's a--
there's a person
growing inside of
my fiancée.
and anywhere else
in the world.
I mean.
that would be great.
You know? I would be thrilled.
which I am.
But here. you know.
I just...
I just keep expecting
that at any second.
he's gonna come
bursting out of her with. like.
with fangs and claws.
If it's any consolation.
I mean.
pregnancy is weird.
no matter where you are.
I mean. it's beautiful.
but it's fucking weird.
We're just used to it
because we see it every day.
It's like the magic ball
of fire.
The what?
It's this thing
from med school.
The whole world.
even the parts that
we think we understand.
it's all really just
one big mystery.
floating through space
around a...
giant ball of magic fire
that keeps us warm
from a million miles away.
I mean.
it's fucking insane.
We're just used to it.
that's all.
Pregnancy's weird.
I can't believe he had
a sister.
How do you-- How do you forget
something like that?
I don't know. but you
should've seen his face
when we opened
the trunk.
It was awful.
Here. Look at this.
-You see this one?
-Yeah.
Now. you see the color
of those uniforms?
These are Civil War
soldiers.
And why the fuck would
a little girl draw pictures--
Wait. No. no. no.
The pictures came from
the stories
his mother used to tell.
All right. then. Why the fuck
am I having visions
of a story some dead woman
told 40 years ago?
Do you wanna see
something really weird?
Look at this.
So. Victor said
his mother
wanted to rescue the children
that were locked in the tower.
that it was the only way
to get everyone home.
Since I got here.
I've had dreams
about walking up the steps
of a tower just like this.
I mean.
all this time.
I thought the children
were trying to scare me. but...
what if they're just
asking for my help?
Okay. Everyone come.
Sit.
Hey. Ethan.
Away from the window.
What are we doing?
We play.
Feel better.
Yeah.
I mean. can't go to sleep.
Might as well
have some fun.
Right?
Is my dad gonna die?
What? No.
No. Dad is gonna be fine.
Are we gonna die?
No.
No one is gonna die.
When Victor was little.
everyone died.
All at the same time.
It won't happen
like that again.
How do you know?
Look. I know things
are really scary right now...
but remember what
the Cromenockle would do
when she got scared?
She would say--
It doesn't matter!
She's not real.
It doesn't matter
what she did.
It's just a stupid story.
My mother used to say
that everything
is a story.
and we're the ones who get
to decide how it ends.
What about her story?
Did it end the way
she wanted?
-Ethan!
Be good.
I don't wanna play any games.
I'm so sorry.
So. whatever was in your blood
that killed the creature.
-that creature's blood is--
-Bile.
The what?
It...
It doesn't matter.
Point is. if it works.
we're all walking
back to town.
And if it doesn't?
What do you care. huh?
None of it's real. right?
Why don't you let him do it?
What?
He's not afraid to go outside.
so give him your gun.
See if these monster killers
really work.
One way or another.
we get rid of a problem.
But make up your mind.
They're coming.
How many are there?
-Oh. I can see a few.
-Are they close?
They're getting
a lot fucking closer.
All right.
Show time.
Hey. wait.
You're not gonna let him
do this. are you?
He's a big boy.
He can choose.
They're over here. too.
Boyd?
-Gotta be now.
You going or not?
All right.
You have any
second thoughts.
you better get your ass
right back here.
What the fuck?
Hold on.
What's going on?
They've stopped.
They've stopped here. too.
-What?
- Something's wrong.
They don't just do that.
Do what?
They don't just stop
like that.
For fuck's sake!
You people are just crazy.
Hey. do--
Do you...
What's...
Get the fuck away from me!
No. Marielle! No. no. no.
What are you doing?
-We have to get out of here!
-Stop. stop.
-We have to go right now.
-Stop. stop. stop.
No. You don't understand!
There's something in here.
-There's something in the room.
-It's just me and you. okay?
-No. no.
-There's nothing in here.
It was a--
You told me once that when
you first went through this.
you saw a lot of things
that weren't there.
No. the guy downstairs.
he said that we--
He said that we can't
go to sleep. and that's all.
We know what the monsters
look like here.
and they're all outside.
As long as you're in here
and you're awake.
you're safe. okay?
Now. come sit down.
-Don't touch me.
-Mari--
-Don't fucking touch me!
-Mari. Okay. I'm sorry.
You're sorry?
Yeah. This is your fault.
You fucking...
You disappeared.
I couldn't eat.
I couldn't sleep.
I mean.
you fucking did this
to me!
-You fucking--
I'm...
I'm sorry.
-I didn't... I'm sorry.
-It's okay. I'm fine.
-We're okay.
-No.
No. we are not fine.
We are not okay.
Just... fuck.
I don't wanna be like this.
-I don't wanna be like this.
-Hey.
Shh.
Come here.
Hey.
Shh.
-I'm right here. okay?
I'm sorry.
You're doing great. okay?
-Come on.
We should put these on.
Uh. I don't think
you have to do that.
Yes. I do.
Guess that one is mine.
Which one is yours?
Your mom once told me
how grateful she was
that you were all together
when you...
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have said that.
I. uh...
I never really had the chance
to. um...
I just want you to know
that I'm sorry.
-And I know...
I know
it doesn't mean anything...
but if I could go back and
change what happened. I would.
Stop.
I know...
...it's painful for you.
Seeing me every day.
-For you.
For your mom.
I told Boyd I wanted to go
back out in the forest.
That way.
maybe I could still help.
and you wouldn't
have to--
I don't care.
All right? I don't--
I don't give a shit
what you want. what you feel.
You don't get to sit here
and have a pity party.
because
you're a murderer.
You're a murderer. and you
should've gone in the Box
the second that Boyd
found out what you did.
I know what I've done.
I can never...
I'll never be able to
take it back.
I've ruined people's lives.
-What I did to you--
-Yeah.
-Yeah. you did.
-To your mom.
You guys were like
family to me.
-And your dad--
-Shut the fuck up!
Shut the fuck up.
Don't fucking talk
about my dad!
No.
-Excuse me?
-I said. no.
I didn't ask
for any of this.
You think you're the only one
who lost something?
I've lost everything.
Everything I was
and everything I could have
been is gone.
This place destroyed the only
person I ever get to be.
and I'm tired.
I'm tired of being afraid.
and I am tired
of being ashamed.
I don't want
to be here anymore.
I don't-- I don't want
to be your monster anymore.
I just want it to be over.
Okay.
You want out?
Boyd keeps a spare gun in
the top left-hand drawer.
Do what the fuck
you wanna do.
Wake up! Wake up!
You can't go to sleep.
Do you understand
what I'm saying?
Are you listening to me?
The talisman
will not protect you.
There is nowhere
that you are safe!
Reggie. stop.
You're scaring everyone.
They should be scared.
You didn't see!
You don't understand
what happens.
Just take a second.
Whoa. Whoa.
-Hey! Get off of me.
-Calm down!
-Let me go!
-Hey. Reggie. Look at me. Stop.
-Breathe. breathe.
-She was--
-She was my--
-It's okay.
I know. It's okay.
We're gonna die.
Tonight. tomorrow!
Every one of you
is going to fucking die!
-Get him upstairs.
-Get him outta here. now!
Go!
-Hey. calm down.
-You don't understand!
-Stop!
-It's okay.
Let go of me. please.
Stop!
This shit is--
is in fucking pieces.
How is it--
What are they waiting for?
-What are you doing?
-I gotta go outside
-and see if this thing works.
-No. Boyd.
-You can't go.
-Listen to me.
I've heard this music before.
Donna.
and every time it plays.
bad shit follows.
We gotta get
the fuck out of here. okay?
Okay. I just...
-I need to...
-Oh. shit.
-Jesus. What the fuck?
-What the fuck?
Fuck this. man.
There's no way.
There's no space under here.
-Hey. Jim. Jim.
-Hey. come here. Come. come.
-What. what. what?
Come here.
-Come. Come here!
-What?
-Shh.
Whatever happens.
be ready to run. okay?
Oh. fuck this.
Fuck this. Fuck this.
-Hey. hey!
- Hey!
Donna. move. Move.
Okay. Donna.
Hey. if you wanna
see your family again.
you get that fucking
van going.
-I got it. I got it.
-Okay?
Go. go!
Boyd?
Boyd.
Come back to me.
- Boyd. come on!
Let's go. Go!
Jesus Christ.
-What the fuck?
Help me! Help me!
Ah!
Put that away.
Why?
It's what everyone wants...
isn't it?
You were the one who said
I belonged in the Box.
That's different.
How?
Put the fucking gun away.
If I was in the Box...
...it would be out
of your hands.
It wouldn't be...
...you killing me.
It would be this place.
I don't want to cause you
any more pain.
So. we'll pretend
that we're in the Box.
And we'll let
this place decide.
What the fuck
are you talking about?
How many should we use?
One?
Sara...
Two?
Hey. All right.
-Okay. Hey. knock it off.
-Okay.
-Just two.
-Hey. that's enough.
Okay. Hey. hey. hey.
No.
You don't get to decide.
Sara. it's okay.
-Hey. Sara. stop!
Hey!
What the fuck
is wrong with you?
Yeah.
So. this is where you pull.
- Okay.
- And you can tell
'cause they're all taut.
-They're tight there. right?
-Uh-huh.
So. you take it...
-Oh.
-See? It's right there.
Oh. Yeah.
Hey. how are you guys doing?
Oh. he's teaching me
how to crochet.
-You are?
-Yeah.
-Good. You're up?
-Mm-hmm.
You're doing
a great job. you know?
The way you handled
everything tonight.
You're gonna be a great mom.
You're pregnant?
Uh...
...yeah.
- How did you know?
- Oh. sweetie.
I've had four kids
and seven grandchildren.
I know an expecting
mother when I see one.
Hey.
Hey. what's wrong?
I just remembered my dream.
Donna's back.
-Stop.
-It'll help.
I'm thirsty.
I'll go get you some juice.
okay?
Don't go.
I'll be right back. okay?
No.
No. No. no. no.
No. no. no!
-Marielle!
-Get them off!
They're all over me!
They're everywhere.
- Help! I can't.
- There's nothing on you.
I don't see anything.
Just breathe. baby.
Baby. just breathe.
Just breathe.
I know. everybody.
Listen. I understand. I--
How long do we have to
stay awake?
-If I-- Hey.
-Why is this happening?
Everybody just calm down.
all right?
Just calm down.
We know you're scared.
and we are trying to
figure this out.
But the best thing
you can do right now
is just hang tight
and do what Boyd says.
-Get out of my way. okay?
-Oh. fuck.
-Hey. Jim!
-I gotta get back to my family.
-Listen to me.
Every time that door opens.
it puts everybody here at risk.
When the fuck are we
not at risk?
Hey! Stand down.
-Stand down.
- I need help up here!
Fuck. That fucking door stays
closed. Fuck.
- Mari!
- Calm down.
Fuck.
He goes fucking nowhere.
Get back. Come on.
We've got to figure
this out.
-Mari. Hey. hey. hey.
Hey. baby.
Hey. hey. hey.
Marielle. Marielle!
-Marielle. Marielle.
-Hey. what happened?
I just left for a second.
What the fuck is wrong
with her eyeballs?
Look.
Marielle?
Boyd. what the fuck
is going on?
-Okay. okay.
-Just do something.
Do something. Boyd.
Do something!
Boyd. do something.
No. Come with me.
Hey. Kristi. No. no.
No. no. Buddy. buddy.
Look at me.
Hey. hey. look at me.
Look at me. Look at me.
She doesn't need
a fiancée right now.
She needs a doctor. okay?
So. calm down. right.
and do your job. okay?
How? There's nothing
medically I can do for that.
I don't know
how to help her.
I know. Hey.
I don't know
how to help her.
You can help her.
Just fuck off.
please!
Okay. Hey. Everybody
clear out. please.
Get the fuck outta here!
Let's go. Give them space.
-Listen to me. Hey. hey.
You help her by holding on.
Do you understand?
She's still breathing.
She's still here.
You gotta calm down.
get your shit together
and hold on.
-Dad?
-Not now.
Look. I think you need
to hear this.
Hey.
I got this. Go.
You gotta hold on.
This whole time. I felt like
there was something that I...
Like there was a reason
why I had that dream on the bus.
Like there was something
I was supposed to remember.
And I don't know. but when
Fatima said she was pregnant.
-it all...
-Hmm.
All right.
I'm sorry.
-I...
-No. no. It's okay.
Uh. about the dream.
About the dream.
There was this boy...
all dressed in white.
and...
...he kept repeating
the same phrase over and over.
"Here they come.
They come for three.
unless you stop the melody."
Wait. I know that one.
It's an old nursery rhyme.
My grandmother
used to sing it to me.
"They come--" No.
"They touch. They break.
They steal.
"No one here is free.
"Here they come.
"They come for three.
unless you stop
the melody."
You realize
what you're saying
sounds completely
bat-fuck crazy?
Well. you were
the one that said
that everything's
connected.
This?
This is a connection.
What if Victor's mom
is right?
What if saving those children
is how we all go home?
No! No. no. no!
Get them off me. please!
-Mom!
-No. no. no.
Julie! Julie. wait.
Stop!
Julie. no. Julie. stop that.
-Oh. my God.
- Julie!
-Julie!
- What happened?
-Mom!
-Julie. talk to me. sweetie.
-Please.
-Get them off me!
I can't! I can't.
-Julie! Julie.